what's going on guys walk amongst while
still fan TV and in this video I'm going
to be previewing ways yet another
massive must-win game for us till this
time away to whole city and this is by
no means going to be an an easy game
we're going into this on the back of
that free one victory over West Ham
which is an absolutely massive
confidence boosting win for us and we
can take somebody from that going into
this game by think the concept of this
game is going to be an awful lot harder
especially as it's an away game and
whole um for their first season a
primitive you've really got to say that
they've had a really fantastic season
Steve Bruce he could even be a contender
for manager the season he has done that
well of them especially with the players
at his disposal he has done an excellent
job there are no doubts about that you
could have spoke to any whole fan of the
start of season and you just said to
them they're going to finish mid-table
and with a place in the FA cup final
they probably wouldn't have believed you
hit they have done exceptionally well
this season and they brought in some
quality players especially over to
January transfer period a couple of
names that stand out for me obviously
Shane Long Nikita elevator lobby hasn't
been amongst the gold so much with hole
he is certainly an admiral player to
have a nest I 11 a shame long he's full
of pace ability and he can score he's an
all-around cracking player and in the
midfield and other two players re stand
out for me Tom Huddleston an extremely
dynamic midfielder really at the heart
of holding midfield he's really good at
playing it forwards he can defend he's
good got a really good shot on him as
well those hasn't scored goals off then
he really does have a powerful boo on
him and on the right hand side
Elmohamady he is a player really stands
out for me he's got pace skill I mean he
he might not be much prolific of players
based certainly one that can cause
whoever's playing a left back for us a
significant danger anyway looking at
Arsenal it's obviously going to be huge
for us this game and seeing his Everton
lost the other night free to to Crystal
Palace it gives us a real incentive to
go capitalize on that and get a victory
here and hopefully everything could drop
points we can really open up quite
significant gap between us and them and
get this forceful even more in the bag
and this is a game where we really got
to be picking up free points I'm saying
that every
announces the back end this is because
the fact of the matter is we've got to
be winning every single one of our
remaining fixtures because if we do that
we're going to get full spot and we
definitely have a lot of winnable games
anyway the massive boost rise is so
obvious mosel back in a team we have
missed him over the past couple of weeks
having him back in his squad is gonna be
so influential pregnancy I don't know if
he'll start the game in fact I doubt
we'll start the game by having him in
and around the team is such a massive
boost for us and another player that's
coming back into the team Mathieu
Flamini after his suspension it's going
to be huge diving back in the side it's
going to take a little bit but pressure
off the likes of arteta kallstrom even
Ramsey in that midfield was it now
allows it to rotate a little bit and
we're actually going to a really decent
school that's going to go to home and
you've gotta remember that we've got the
likes of raise its key all featuring in
this in this squad that should hopefully
be traveling to hold oh maybe in the
press conference will hear or some
another couple of doubtful people for
the game but and why is that happening
before every game as well we're just
hearing more and more players at dow
together i want to know where all these
injuries are coming from but i did watch
our sins press conference and it doesn't
look like anyone named worthy is out
apart from Kieran Gibbs who admittedly
is going to be a massive loss better
left back I think we've got monorail
backward I admittedly I would feel a lot
more comfortable with a start of a mile
in there halfway in a quality game when
we when you played West Ham a left back
anyway the office to line up I'm going
to go who shits knee and gold center
right back Merc psycho cash I'll neva
Marlon Flamini Ramsey Chamberlain
Cazorla Podolski anja room now I think
that's a quality size should go out
there should be more than capable game
free points against whole of course
they're not going to hand it to us on a
play but that's what is very penetrative
and we certainly you should be able to
get a gold or so and that's where we've
really been lacking in a moment I filled
it in our past couple of games apart
from West Ham of course we have been
struggling to score goals and that is a
side that screamed out to me it's a team
that can score goals by play Cazorla for
the middle behind but i'll see on the
left reintroduce chairman in two teams
that quite a big rest now so playing him
on the right Ramsey and flammen e which
in my opinion is off strong is pivoting
midfield and this site rudy is looking
like a team that actually started the
season so it's gonna be really excited
to watch this side
of course we do have the likes of
wolcott cetera all out for this game so
it's not you know foolish foolish
strength 11 from a store but nonetheless
is a quality side looking guy there
retrospect a food place for a store i
begin behind him in this game and
hopefully we can pick up the free points
which I'm really confident we will do
leave your skull believes in the
comments box below I'm going to go over
one nil win so I score I think it will
be really tired and I think it will come
down to the wire by think we'll just
grind out this whim and anyway thanks
watching guys leave a like or any of you
and doing a video subscribe for to ask
for fantasy v as well as my channel AFC
game by game like I said thanks for
watching guys